I believe I have the right amount of academic and technical skillset under my hat that are needed to excel in this role. I also have related work experience that fits into the job profile and that will help in becoming an asset to you.
I am a quick learner and I can bring a lot of critical thinking, talent, technical skills, professional experience and huge potential to learn to the table. Besides, I like networking, building relationships, meeting new people and knowing different cultures and with my experience I have developed the right professional communication skills.

Also I think based on the job profile which perfectly aligns with my interests, the courses which would definitely help me at your company are Data Structure and Algorithms, Database Designs, Web Programming Language, Big Data Management etc.

These courses have not only provided me with skills and expertise in the areas of algorithms, database concepts etc. but also given me the opportunity to have hands-on experience on leading technologies and tools and languages used in the industry.

Working as an intern at Arrow Electronics has strengthened my decision to pursue a career in development. At Arrow, I was given a live project to work upon and make modifications. My internship at Arrow taught me various new technologies such as AngularJS, MongoDB, Redis etc. It made me understand where my strengths and weaknesses lied and made me motivated to work upon my weaknesses. I realized that I can easily adapt to the fast changing environment of a competitive industry and I have the capability and flexibility to adapt to those changes. It taught me what team work is and how beneficial it is in an industry and after reading the job description for this role and considering my background and my experience I believe I can be a right fit and this only boosted my motivation to work for you.


One of the most important things required today is the ability to adapt to change. I believe I have the capabilities and flexibility to easily adapt to changing environments which can help me navigate through tough waters easily. Moreover, I am a team player and I strongly believe that if people from different demographics and cultures work together harmoniously, exceptional outputs can be achieved. 
